h1. Amazon S3 Library for CodeIgniter

Easily integrate your CI applications to Amazon's Simple Storage Solution with this library.

This library is (hardly) a port of "Donovan Schönknecht's S3 PHP Class":http://undesigned.org.za/2007/10/22/amazon-s3-php-class.

h2. Setup

# Open S3.php and edit lines 44 and 45 with your access and secret keys correspondingly.
# Drop S3.php in your applications/library folder.

h2. Class Methods

For more detailed information about the required parameters and returns check the S3.php file.

h3. Objects:
* copyObject
* deleteObject
* getObject
* getObjectInfo
* inputFile 
* inputResource
* putObject
* getAuthenticatedURL

h3. Buckets:

* listBuckets
* getBucket
* putBucket
* deleteBucket
* getBucketLocation
* getBucketLogging
* setBucketLogging
* disableBucketLogging
* getHttpUploadPostParams

h3. Access Control Policies:

* getAccessControlPolicy
* setAccessControlPolicy

h3. CloudFront:

* listDistributions
* createDistribution
* getDistribution
* updateDistribution
* deleteDistribution

h3. Legacy methods:

* putObjectFile
* putObjectString

h2. Example Usage

@// Load Library@
@$this->load->library('s3');@

@// Create a Bucket@
@var_dump($this->s3->putBucket('My-Bucket', $this->s3->ACL_PUBLIC_READ));@

@// List Buckets@
@VAR_DUMP($this->s3->listBuckets());@

h2. References

* "Original documentation for this class":http://undesigned.org.za/2007/10/22/amazon-s3-php-class/documentation
* "Amazon S3 Documentation":http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AmazonS3/2006-03-01/
